be filed in writing within thirty (30) days of the date of any conduct or action alleged to be in violation of the Agreement. 

26.3. The Employer and the Union shall hold a meeting on unresolved grievances no later than thirty (30) days after the filing of the written grievance. The scheduling or convening of this meeting shall not be a cause for delay of arbitration.

26.4. All grievances not settled at the meeting held pursuant to Article 26.3 shall be subject to arbitration before the Office of the Contract Arbitrator established under the agreement between the RAB and the Union. Written demand for arbitration must be made within forty (40) business days of the filing of the written grievance, unless the parties agree otherwise. The panel of arbitrators shall be determined from time to time between the RAB and the Union under the procedures set forth in their agreement.

26.5. The fee of the Contract Arbitrator and all reasonable expenses involved in their functions shall be borne equally by the Union and the Employer, unless the Employer is a member of the RAB.

26.6. The Parties agree to adopt the Office of the Contract Arbitrator Case Management Protocols, as may be amended from time to time, provided, however, that: (a) arbitration hearings in discharge or other cases involving suspension without pay shall be scheduled no later than fourteen (14) calendar days after the Union has filed a written notice demanding arbitration of the dispute, unless the parties agree otherwise; and (b) all other grievances shall be scheduled for arbitration no later than thirty (30) calendar days after the Union has filed a written notice demanding arbitration of the dispute.

26.7. If either party asserts that the dispute or difference is not properly a “grievance” as defined in Article 26.1, then the question of whether or not such dispute or difference is a grievance properly arbitrable under this Article shall first be determined, either by agreement between the parties or by the arbitrator. In such arbitration the fact that the grievance has

36