State law on training and other anti-sexual harassment measures). The parties recommend to the Trustees of the Thomas Shortman Training, Scholarship and Safety Fund (the “Fund”) that Fund staff and the Fund’s Curriculum Committee develop and provide anti-harassment, anti-discrimination, anti-bias and anti-retaliation training, including training related to third-party conduct. Such training may be coordinated with the Fund’s existing course offerings. The parties recognize that other entities – in addition to the Fund – will be engaged to provide this training. The parties intend that the curriculum and materials developed by the Fund be made available to such other entities.

Article IX - Employer Transition

9.1. When the Employer takes over the servicing of any facility covered by Article 1.1, and where the daily work being performed amounts to eight (8) hours or more, the Employer agrees to retain all permanent employees at the facility, including those who might be on vacation or off work because of illness, injury or authorized leaves of absence, provided, however, that employment will be offered solely to those employees who satisfy the hiring and employment standards of the Employer, within the exclusive discretion of the Employer.

9.2. If a customer demands that the incoming Employer remove an employee from continued employment at the location, the Employer shall have the right to comply with such demand. In that case, the outgoing Employer shall place such employee in accordance with Article 7.4 above.

9.3. If employees in any building had in effect on the effective date of this Agreement a practice of terms or conditions better than those provided for herein, applicable generally to them for wages, hours, sick pay, vacations, holidays, premium pay, relief periods, jury duty or other economic or leave issues, such better terms or conditions shall be continued only for employees employed by the Employer on the effective date, unless the Union and the Employer agree otherwise.

16