by the AAA shall be made available to the individual employee and the RAB member employer by the administrator of OCA. The manner by which selection is made by the RAB member employer and the individual employee and the extent to which each shall bear responsibility for the costs of the arbitrator shall be decided between them. A person may be added to or removed from the Statutory Arbitration Panel list upon mutual agreement of the Union and the RAB. Any such arbitration shall be conducted pursuant to the AAA National Rules for Employment Disputes and any disputes about the manner of proceeding or the interpretation of this Protocol or the AAA Rules shall be decided by the arbitrator selected.

C. The hearings in any such arbitration may be held at the OCA offices without charge to the parties; however, it is understood that OCA shall not be a forum for the determination of the dispute as provided for in the collective bargaining agreement, but, instead, will provide only the services set out in section (3) of this Protocol.

D. Neither the Union nor the RAB will be a party to the arbitration described in this section (3) and the arbitrator shall not have authority to award relief that would require amendment of the CBA or other agreement(s) between the Union and the RAB or conflict with any provision of any CBAs or such other agreement(s). Any mediation and/or arbitration outcome shall have no precedential value with respect to the interpretation of the CBAs or other agreement(s) between the Union and the RAB.

(4) MANDATORY WRITTEN NOTIFICATION BEFORE UNION MEMBERS ATTEMPT TO BRING ANY COVERED CLAIM IN COURT, AND REMEDIES FOR FAILING TO PROVIDE NOTICE

A. The RAB and the Union have established the foregoing Protocol to provide interested parties a means to rapidly resolve or hear on the merits Covered Claims fairly. To make this system most effective, it is a mandatory prerequisite before any bargaining unit member attempts to file a Covered Claim in any court that the bargaining unit member (personally or through their attorney) notify in writing the RAB and the Employer that the Employee is attempting to bypass the Protocol process. The notice required by this section (the “Bypass Notice”) shall specify the Covered Claim(s) alleged with sufficient

14