knowledge of employment discrimination statutes. The Mediation Panel shall be a distinct panel from the Contract Arbitrator Panel (see 2022 Apartment Building CBA, Article VI, Paragraph 8). A person listed on the Mediation Panel will be removed when either the Union or the RAB gives notice to the other party that such person’s name shall be removed. A person may be added to the Mediation Panel list upon mutual agreement of the Union and the RAB. The Union and RAB mutually commit to appointing mediators with appropriate skill and experience, as they view mediation as the important step through which many Covered Claims will be resolved.

D. OCA shall appoint a Mediator from the Mediation Panel. Such appointments shall be made by a random selection (e.g., “spinning the wheel”) of available panel members.

E. Within 30 days of being appointed, the Mediator shall notify the Parties of their appointment and schedule a pre-mediation conference (for the purposes of this Paragraph and the remainder of this section, “Parties” refers to the bargaining unit member or Union asserting the Covered Claim, and the respondent/defendant employer and the RAB). At the conference, the Parties shall discuss such matters as they deem relevant to the mediation process, including discovery. The Mediator shall have the authority, after consulting with the Parties, to (1) schedule dates for the exchange of information and position statements prior to a mediation, and (2) schedule a date for mediation. Any disputes relating to the issues to be mediated, the exchange of information and position statements, and the date, place, and time of the mediation and any in-person, telephonic, or other meetings relating to the mediation shall be decided by the Mediator. In the event the Mediator concludes that there has not been good faith compliance with their directive, including directives as to the holding of conferences and the conduct of discovery, the Mediator may, after notice and an opportunity to be heard, order appropriate remedies, including monetary and other sanctions. Such remedies and sanctions may be considered by the arbitrator in a subsequent proceeding in the arbitrator’s discretion.

F. The entire mediation process, including any settlement terms proposed by the Mediator, is a compromise negotiation for the purposes of the Federal Rules of Evidence and the New York rules of evidence. 

12