detail, the court where the action is to be filed, and the reason(s) for attempting to bypass the Protocol process.

B. A copy of the Bypass Notice must be sent to: (a) the Employer and (b) the Realty Advisory Board on Labor Relations, Inc., One Penn Plaza, Suite 2110, New York, New York 10119.

C. Absent compelling good cause, the Bypass Notice must be mailed by first-class certified mail, return receipt requested at least sixty (60) days before the bargaining unit member plans to commence a lawsuit in any court.

D. Providing the Bypass Notice is a condition precedent prior to bringing a Covered Claim in any forum.

E. Nothing contained in this Protocol will limit an employer or the RAB’s remedies in the event of a breach of the Protocol or the CBA by an individual asserting a Covered Claim.

F. Nothing contained within this Protocol shall require mediation or arbitration where prohibited by law. With respect to any Covered Claim that employees may not lawfully be required to submit to mediation or arbitration, employees may voluntarily submit such claims to the foregoing mediation and/or arbitration procedures.

(5) ANTI-DISCRIMINATION AND HARASSMENT TRAINING

The parties hereby reaffirm the parties’ longstanding mutual commitment to prevent harassment and discrimination in the workplace, including discrimination based on race, creed, color, sex, gender, race, age, ethnicity, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, union membership, pregnancy-related conditions, marital status, and any other legally protected categories. To that end, and in an effort to implement the parties’ commitment, the parties mandate that the Diversity and Respect Committee (the “Committee”) meet to discuss the prevention of discrimination and harassment in the commercial building workplace, including through training of employees to prevent sexual and other forms of harassment, discrimination and retaliation in the workplace, and the elimination of adverse treatment that is the product of bias, whether conscious or unconscious. The parties intend that the training shall be no less extensive than that required by law (see, e.g., the New York

15