written authorizations for, or revocations of, deduction and remittance.

Employers who are currently accepting such electronic records as valid written authorizations or revocations for deduction and remittance shall continue to do so. The parties recognize that Employers who are not currently accepting electronic records as valid written authorizations or revocations may need time and/or training to be able to do so. The Union shall provide any necessary training opportunity to the Employer to facilitate acceptance of electronic records as valid written authorizations or revocations for deduction and remittance. Those Employers who are not currently accepting electronic records as valid written authorizations or revocations shall commence acceptance no later than nine (9) months from the date an Employer first becomes signatory to this Agreement (the "Transition Period"), provided that any reasonably requested training has been provided by the Union. It is understood that the transition to electronic records and electronic signatures may cause some delays. During the Transition Period, Employers who deduct appropriately, but whose transmissions are delayed, shall not be subject to interest or penalties owing to such delays.

3.5. The Employer shall provide employee information in connection with the transmission of dues, initiation fees, all legal assessments and other deductions required to be transmitted to the Union (collectively, "Deductions"). Deductions from employees' paychecks shall be transmitted to the Union electronically via ACH utilizing the 32BJ self-service portal, unless the Union directs, in writing, that Deductions be remitted by means other than electronic transmittals. The Union shall specify reasonable information to be recorded and/or transmitted by the Employer, as necessary and consistent with this Agreement.

Employers who are currently transmitting Deductions by ACH shall continue to do so. The parties recognize that Employers who are not currently transmitting Deductions by ACH, including those who may currently be transmitting deductions 