G. At the mediation, each Party shall be entitled to present witnesses and/or documentary evidence. The Mediator shall be entitled to meet separately with each Party for the purpose of exploring settlement.

H. At the conclusion of the mediation, the Mediator shall recommend settlement terms to the Parties on request of any Party. Neither Party shall be required to accept such a proposal.

I. Mediation shall be completed before the Covered Claim is arbitrated on the merits. However, if the Union alleges the Covered Claim is a violation of the No Discrimination Clause, the Union may proceed directly to arbitration without Mediation if it so chooses.

J. The fees of the Mediator shall be split equally between the Union and the RAB. The Union and RAB shall provide language interpreters at their jointly shared cost.

K. With respect to mediation of sexual harassment and/or sexual assault claims, an employee may terminate mediation upon written notice to the other Parties no earlier than seventy-five (75) days after providing the Notice of Claim. In the event that mediation has not been conducted for seventy-five (75) days at the time the employee files a claim in court, the Employer may request that the court stay the action pending completion of the seventy-five (75) days of mediation but may not seek dismissal.

(3) ARBITRATION

A. The undertakings described here with respect to arbitration apply to those circumstances in which the Union has declined to arbitrate an employee’s individual employment discrimination claim under the No Discrimination Clause of the CBA, including statutory claims (i.e., a Covered Claim), to arbitration. The arbitration forum described here will be available to employers and employees, both those who are represented by counsel and those who are not represented by counsel.

B. The Union and the RAB have received and vetted from the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) a list of arbitrators who (1) are attorneys, and (2) are designated by the AAA to decide employment discrimination cases. In the event that arbitration of a Covered Claim based on statutory discrimination in the circumstances described in paragraph A is sought by these parties, the list of arbitrators provided

13