```
Article III - Check-Off
3.1. The Employer agrees to deduct from the first paycheck each month the monthly dues, initiation fees, agency fees, and American Dream Fund or Political Action Fund contributions, and all legal assessments due to the Union from the wages of an employee covered by this Agreement, when authorized by the employee in writing in accordance with applicable law. The Employer agrees that such deductions shall constitute Trust Funds that will be forwarded to the Union not later than the twentieth (20th) day of each and every month. The Union will furnish to the Employer the necessary authorization forms.
3.2. If the Employer fails to deduct or remit to the Union dues or other monies in accordance with Article 3.1 by the twentieth (20th) day of the month, the Employer shall pay interest on such dues at the rate of one-percent (1%) per month beginning on the twenty-first (21st) day, unless the Employer can demonstrate the delay was for good cause due to circumstances beyond its control.
3.3. If an employee does not revoke their dues check-off authorization at the end of the year following the date of authorization, or at the end of the current contract, whichever is earlier, the employee shall be deemed to have renewed their authorization for another year, or until the expiration of the next succeeding contract, whichever is earlier.
3.4. The parties acknowledge and agree that the term “written authorization” as provided in this Agreement includes authorizations or revocations created and maintained by use of electronic records and electronic signatures consistent with state and federal law. The Union, therefore, may use electronic records to verify Union membership, authorization for voluntary deduction of Union dues and fees, as well as voluntary contributions to the Union’s American Dream Fund, from wages or payments for remittance to the Union, and authorization for voluntary deductions from wages or payments for remittance to the American Dream Fund. The Employer shall accept such electronic records from the Union as valid
```