15.3. Employees who work on any holiday listed in Article 15.1 shall receive holiday pay and shall be paid at the appropriate rate of pay for each hour that they work.

15.4. In order to qualify for holiday pay, employees must work their last regularly scheduled shift before the holiday and their next regularly scheduled shift following the holiday, provided, that employees who are absent on one (1) or more days due to approved vacation or sick leave shall be entitled to holiday pay, and provided further, that employees who are absent on one (1) or both of such days due to FMLA leave, or medical or personal leave previously approved by the Employer, shall be entitled to receive holiday pay only upon their return to active employment.

15.5 All employees (with the exception of employees covered under the economic terms of the 2024 RAB Commercial Agreement) shall receive two (2) personal days in each contract year. These personal days are in addition to the holidays listed in Article 15.1 above. Employees may select such days off on five (5) days' notice to the Employer provided such selection does not result in a reduction of employees in the building below seventy-five (75%) percent of the normal work staff. Such selection shall be made in accordance with seniority.

15.6 Upon request and in accordance with the terms of Section 15.5, supra, employees shall be allowed to use a personal day from their annual allotment to observe Juneteenth.

Article XVI - Sick Leave

16.1. Regular employees with at least one (1) year of service shall receive five (5) days sick leave in a calendar year (January 1 – December 31). Newly-hired regular employees will be entitled to accrue one (1) hour of sick leave for every thirty (30) hours worked, up to a maximum of five (5) days or forty (40) hours of sick leave in their first year of employment during the calendar year. Thereafter, each employee will receive their five (5) days sick leave on January 1. Employees who have passed the third anniversary of their employment date with the