place in the workplace concerning workplace safety; (c) participate in any site visit by any governmental agency responsible for enforcing safety and health standards in a manner consistent with applicable law; (d) review relevant reports filed by the Employer related to the health and safety of the workplace in a manner consistent with applicable law; and (e) discuss training and equipment needs, including personal protective equipment. Meetings shall occur during work hours and shall be scheduled within two (2) weeks of either party requesting the meeting, provided that in the event that there is an urgent health and safety issue or other urgent operational issue in connection with the exposure prevention plan, the parties shall make their best efforts to meet on an expedited basis. Upon agreement by the parties, commonly-owned, commonly-managed buildings that are subject to one of the above-referenced Building Agreements, may form a workplace safety committee that covers all or some of the commonly-owned, commonly-managed buildings. Established workplace safety committees may make reports and recommendations to the Employer, as necessary, concerning the above and other matters covered by S1034B within their responsibility to the Employer as may be appropriate.

3. The RAB, on behalf of its members, and the Union agree that the benefits provided under the Agreements and under this Section and the HERO Act MOA are comparable to or better than those provided under S1034B, enacted under N.Y. Labor Law Sections 27-d and 21B-b. and therefore, pursuant to N.Y. Labor Law ยง 27-d (7) and N.Y. Labor Law Section 218-b (9), the provisions of S1034B are waived with regard to these parties, and to the extent not precluded by those laws with regard to other parties. The parties further agree that any dispute arising out of or relating to airborne infectious disease exposure prevention, including, without limitation, the implementation of this HERO Act MOA, shall be resolved through the grievance and 44