through wire transfer, may need time and/or training to be able to do so. The Union shall provide any necessary training opportunity to the Employer to facilitate electronic transmissions. Those Employers who are not currently transmitting Deductions by ACH shall commence transmission by ACH no later than nine (9) months from the date an Employer first becomes signatory to this Agreement, or for Employers currently utilizing wire transfer, nine (9) months from the effective date of this Agreement, (collectively the “Transition Period”), provided that any reasonably requested training has been provided by the Union. It is understood that the transition to ACH payment may cause some delays in effecting transmission. During the Transition Period, Employers who deduct appropriately, but whose transmissiuis are delayed, shall not be subject to interest or penalties owing to such delays.

Article IV- Discipline and Discharge

4.1. Employees may not be discharged except for just cause. Upon request of the Union, the Employer shall give the Union a written statement of the general grounds for discharge or suspension within a reasonable time not to exceed ten (10) business days after the discharge or suspension. In appropriate circumstances, the Employer may supplement and/or amend its written statement of the reason(s) for discharge within a reasonable time. Such amended statement shall be substituted for the initial statement without prejudice to the Employer, including in an arbitration.

4.2. Employees shall have a trial or probationary period of one-hundred-and-twenty (120) days during which they may be discharged or disciplined without recourse to the grievance and arbitration procedure set forth in Article XXVI below.

4.3. The Union recognizes that the customer is the ultimate consumer and ultimately controls the access of the employee, and the business of the Employer. When a security related incident occurs on a job site that is or can be reasonably construed as injurious to that customer, the employee, the