unlawful discrimination, harassment and retaliation. The Union maintains it will pursue its policy of evaluating such Covered Claims and bringing those Covered Claims to arbitration where appropriate. To this end, the parties establish the following system of mediation and arbitration applicable to all such Covered Claims, provided that nothing herein shall preclude the filing or adjudication of any statutory claim at any time before (i) the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (“EEOC”) or other similar agency whose jurisdiction includes employment discrimination claims; or (ii) the National Labor Relations Board (“NLRB”). Nor shall an employee be required to submit a claim involving sexual harassment and/or sexual assault to arbitration. The Union and RAB want those covered by this Agreement and any individual attorneys representing them to be aware of this Protocol.

(2) MEDIATION

A. The Mediation Protocol set forth below is mandatory for all Covered Claims.

B. Whenever a Covered Claim is brought alleging that an employer has violated the No Discrimination Clause (including, without limitation, claims based on a statute relating to workplace equal opportunities), whether such a Covered Claim is made by the Union or by an individual employee, notice shall be provided by the party seeking to utilize this Protocol of such a Covered Claim (“Notice of Claim”) to the other Parties (for purposes of this section, “Parties” shall be defined as the Union, the RAB, the Employer, and the affected employee(s)), and the matter shall be submitted to mediation, absent prior resolution through informal means. A Notice of Claim shall be filed within the applicable statutory statute of limitations, provided that if an employee has timely filed such Covered Claim in a forum provided for by statute, it will not be considered time-barred. The Notice of Claim must be filed with the administrator of the Office of the Contract Arbitrator (“OCA”), which currently has an address of 370 Seventh Avenue, Suite 301, New York, NY, 10001.

C. Promptly following receipt of the Notice of Claim, the administrator of OCA shall appoint a Mediator from the Mediation Panel described below. All mediators on the panel shall be attorneys with appropriate training and experience in the conduct of mediations and significant

11