been dealt with under the contract grievance machinery shall not be considered by the arbitrator in determining whether or not the grievance is arbitrable.

26.8. The arbitrator shall not grant adjournments to either party unless by mutual consent or for good cause shown. Due written notice means mailing, faxing or hand delivering to the address of the Employer. In the event of a willful default by either party in appearing before the Arbitrator, after due written notice shall have been given, the Arbitrator is authorized to issue their award upon the testimony of the adverse party. The oath-taking and the period and requirements for service of notice in the form prescribed by statute are hereby waived.

26.9. Should either party fail to abide by an arbitration award within two (2) weeks after such award is sent by registered or certified mail to the parties, either party may, in its sole and absolute discretion, take action necessary to secure such award including but not limited to suits at law.

26.10. The procedure outlined herein, in respect to matters over which the Contract Arbitrator has jurisdiction, shall be the sole and exclusive method for the determination of all such issues. The Contract Arbitrator shall have the power to grant any remedy required to correct a violation of this Agreement, including but not limited to, damages and mandatory orders, and the Award of said Arbitrator shall be final and binding upon the parties and the employee(s) involved; provided that nothing herein shall be construed to forbid either of the parties from resorting to court for relief from, or to enforce rights under, any arbitration award. In any proceeding to confirm an award of the Arbitrator, service may be made by registered or certified mail, within or without the State of New York, as the case may be.

26.11. Grievants attending grievances and arbitrations during their regularly scheduled hours shall be paid during such attendance only if they are current employees at the time of the hearing.

26.12. Union claims are brought by the Union alone, and no individual shall have the right to compromise or settle any claim without