or exclude any other inherent management rights not  
specifically enumerated.  
7.4. The Union recognizes that the Employer provides a service of  
critical importance to the customer. If a customer/tenant  
demands that the Employer remove an employee from further  
employment at a location, the Employer shall have the right to  
comply with such demand. However, unless the Employer has  
cause to discharge the employee, the Employer will place the  
employee in a job at another facility covered by Article 1.1 of  
this Agreement without loss of entitlement, seniority or  
reduction in pay or benefits. If the Employer has no other  
accounts within Article 1.1 where there are positions at the  
employee's same wage level, then the employee shall be placed  
at another location of the Employer in a lower wage category  
or, at the employee's option, may be laid off with the right,  
subject to the Employer’s suitability determination, to fill  
positions that may become available within four (4) months if  
the Employer obtains another account within Article 1.1.  
Transfers or removals of employees shall not be arbitrary or  
retaliatory. Upon the Union's request, the Employer will advise  
the Union of information it has relating to the customer's  
complaint and make reasonable efforts to secure from the  
customer a written confirmation of the customer's request.  
7.5. The Employer shall promptly notify the Union, where possible  
in advance, of any reductions in the number of employees  
assigned to any work location covered by this Agreement.  
7.6 In accordance with Article 10-A of the New York Workers’  
Compensation Law, § 350, et seq., the Employer shall be  
permitted to contract with a preferred provider organization  
(PPO) to deliver all medical services mandated by the Workers’  
Compensation Law. The Employer and employees may  
exercise all rights granted to them under Article 10-A.  
Article VIII - No Discrimination  
8.1. There shall be no discrimination against any employee by  
reason of race, creed, color, age, disability, sexual orientation,  
9